Let's take a look at setting Windows directory permissions together.
We'll check the existing folder permissions and we'll add the maintenance group.
Let's set the proper permissions for the maintenance department.
First, we right-click the folder and go to Properties.
Then we select the Security tab,
then we select "Edit."
As we learned in the lesson,
the administrators group has full control.
However, we see that the user's group has Read & execute,
and List folder contents.
Let's go ahead and Remove their access.
Now select "Add," type maintenance,
click "Check Names" and then "OK".
Let's give the group Full control and then
click "Apply" and "OK. " That's all there is to it.